Adopt proper lifting technique (carry with back straight and squat down to lift heavy objects&&a) Wear proper footwear (covered shoes) b) Avoid routes which includes kerbs or ledges c) If trolley is used, don’t stack items so high that it blocks vision of floor in front&&Avoid rushing when setting up the stations&&a) Avoid rushing when setting up the stations b) Keep chairs neatly tucked under the tables when not in use&&Rest when stirring gets tiring&&a) Ensure a controlled number of SLTstudents thickening the samples b) SLT students will be asked to perform the 8-step hand-washing technique prior to handling liquids c) Hand sanitisers will be placed on the tables before handling the liquids&&a) Remind participants to drink water after competing b) Instruct participants to not look up while competing to prevent saliva from flowing down the throat&&Instruct participants not to force themselves to secure the win&&a) Food will be consumed within the stipulated date and time b) Leftover food after the safe-for-consumption period will be discarded c) Good hygiene practices will be adopted while distributing the food&&a) Collect information on food allergies from students b) Remind students who have allergies to bring along their medication/epipen c) Food labels for common allergies will be prominently displayed&&a) Perform hand hygiene before and after handling waste bags b) Ensure bags are not filled too heavily such that the bags may break c) Double bag the waste if there is possible breakage&&a) Wear proper footwear (covered shoes) b) Avoid routes which includes kerbs or ledges&&a) Adopt proper lifting technique (carry with back straight and squat down to lift heavy objects b) Ensure bags are not filled too heavily&&a) Ensure around equipment is not cluttered to allow for ventilation b) Avoid overloading of electrical sockets&&a) Ensure all students navigate the area safely, keeping a lookout on the ground for any tripping hazards b) Avoid running or rushing when setting up to prevent accidental trips&&a) Ensure around equipment is not cluttered to allow for ventilation b) Avoid overloading of electrical sockets c) Avoid placing water near or on the workstation of the AV system to prevent accidental spillage&&a) Starting of song lengthened for dancers to have sufficient time to find their positions b) Markings on the floor to ensure dancers know where to stand and prevent collision during performance c) Climb the stairs one step at a time, without skipping any steps&&a) Music, videos and mic will not be set to a high volume, rehearsals will determine how much volume is needed for each set of performances b) Avoid testing the limits of instruments or voices&&Quiz is short is only 4 questions, hence participants will not be looking up for a prolonged period&&a) Ensure all students navigate the area safely, keeping a lookout on the ground for any tripping hazards b) Avoid running or rushing when setting up to prevent accidental trips c) Climb the stairs one step at a time, without skipping any steps&&a) Follow their movement plan properly so that they do not bump into each other b) Avoid running or rushing unnecessarily to prevent tripping over floor or equipment&&Emcees to facilitate orderly dismissal to prevent overcrowding of audiences leaving the venue&&Administrative Control a) Ensure power source to the machine is switched “OFF” during setup. b) Remove dangling jewelry and accessories (e.g. watch, bracelets) that will get caught in the rotating chuck / spindle. c) Fold up long sleeves and loose clothing to above elbow level. d) Tied up long hair.&&Administrative Control a) Ensure power source to the machine is switched OFF during setup. PPE b) Wear appropriate PPE such as cut resistance gloves.&&Administrative Control a) Ensure proper and secured clamping PPE b) Wear appropriate PPE such as safety shoes.&&PPE a) Wear cut resistance gloves during work piece and cutting tool installation.&&Administrative Control a) Ensure removal of chuck key / spindle bars from the drill chuck / spindle before operating the machine. b) Ensure proper and secured clamping. PPE c) Wear appropriate PPE such as safety glasses&&Administrative Control a) Remove dangling jewelry and accessories (e.g. watch, bracelets) that will get caught in the rotating chuck / spindle. b) Fold up long sleeves and loose clothing to above elbow level. c) Tied up long hair. d) Keep hands clear of rotating parts. e) Do not wear any gloves.&&Engineering Control a) Provision of chip guard Administrative Control b) Check that the workpiece is properly clamped and secured before operation. c) Select the appropriate cutting tool and cutting speed for the job- start with low speed and adjust accordingly. d) Inspect cutting tool for serviceability (Not dull / chipped) before machining. e) Terminate the machining immediately and ensure that the rotating part comes to a complete stop. Switch off the main power source before making adjustment. f) Position chip guard prior to turning on lathe. PPE g) Wear appropriate PPE such as safety glasses.&&Administrative Control a) Switch off the machine and ensure the chuck / spindle comes to a complete stop before removing the cutting tool and work piece. b) Use correct tools for cleaning PPE c) Wear appropriate PPE such as cut resistant safety gloves during work piece and cutting tool removal as well as cleaning machine. d) Wear appropriate PPE such as safety shoes.&&Administrative Control a) Ensure parts are cooled 2min before removal. PPE b) Wear appropriate PPE such as cut resistance gloves..&&Administrative Control a) Use appropriate tools for deburring and post processing. PPE b) Wear appropriate PPE such as cut resistance gloves for post processing.&&1) All presenting with temperature ?37.5oC and/or exhibiting respiratory symptoms (e.g. cough, sore throat, runny nose, anosmia) shall be asked to leave the premise and seek medical attention immediately. 2) All to ensure the use of lab equipment /machineries comply to the safe distancing measures (if present) and infection control measures. 3) All to ensure supplies (tissues, alcohol-based wet wipes, alcohol- based hand rub and trash bin) are adequate readily accessible in the lab to promote compliance to hand hygiene and lab equipment disinfection. Sufficient alcohol- based hand rubs shall be made available for use during HSS practical sessions (1 bottle placed per lab). 4) Staff shall adhere to maximum number of attendees stated in the directive from the institution. 5) Academic staff or Technical Officer will be present during the all practical sessions. No unsupervised usage by students&&1) All shall carry heavy load with the proper lifting technique. 2) Additional users shall be deployed if load requires >1 person to move. 3) Trolley shall be used whenever necessary to move heavy load.&&1) All shall ensure that loose wiring are properly kept before moving equipment. 2) All shall wear covered shoes, long pants 3) All shall ensure that loose wiring are properly kept after setting up of equipment. 4) All shall perform an inspection on the nearby vicinity to ensure there are no protrusion or loose wiring.&&1) Number of students attending the practical session shall not exceed 15 including academic staff. 2) All users shall always wear a face mask when conducting manual handling, assessment and treatment technique involving human subject. 3) Academic staff shall wear both face mask during practical demonstrations where manual handling, assessment and positioning technique involving human subject is involved. 4) All users shall ensure social distancing of at least 1.5m with the following exceptions: a) Lab activity within each student pairing b) Staff performing teaching demonstration on phantom or another subject 5) Lab partners shall remain unchanged throughout the session and the module trimester. 6) Academic staff will be present during the practical session to ensure everyone adheres to social distancing requirements. 7) All users are required to adhere to recommended hand hygiene practices as per WHO guidelines, which comprise of either 40-60 seconds of handwashing or 20-30 seconds of alcohol based hand rub. 8) As per WHO recommendation, hand washing with water and soap for 40-60 seconds by performing the following 8 steps: (1) Wet hands with water and apply enough soap to cover all hand surfaces. (2) Rub hands palm to palm. (3) Right palm over left dorsum with interlaced fingers and vice versa. (4) Palm to palm with fingers interlaced. (5) Backs of fingers to opposing palms with fingers interlocked. (6) Rotational rubbing of left thumb clasped in right palm and vice versa. (7) Rotational rubbing, backwards and forwards with clasped fingers of right hand on left palm and vice versa. (8) Rinse hands with water and dry hands thoroughly with a single-use towel. 9) Cleaning hands with alcohol- based handrub (ABHR) for 20-30 seconds by following the following steps: (1) Apply a palmful of the product in a cupped hand, covering all surfaces. (2) Follow handwashing step (3) to (7) (8) Once dry, the hands are safe. 10) All users shall comply with WHO recommended hand hygiene practices (as above) during the 5 moments of hand hygiene: a) before physical contact with human subject b) before an aseptic task c) after body fluid exposure risk d) after physical contact with human subject e) after physical contact with subject’s surroundings 11) All users shall cover any open, broken or impaired skin with a waterproof dressing and don a pair of gloves whenever necessary. Hand hygiene should always be performed before putting on and after taking off gloves.&&a) Staff and students are reminded to ensure good technique application b) Buddy system c) Faculty staff to demonstrate the proper manual technique&&a) Subjects are reminded to avoid unnecessary movement when lying on the table d) Straps are tightened and secure before carrying out any functions/application (operating Traction Unit)&&1) Only competent and licensed personnel (L5 or R1) allowed to use equipment 2) Radiation worker (L5 or R1) must wear his/her Thermoluminescent Dosimeter (TLD) during radiation works. 3) Radiation worker to read all SOPs before operating the equipment 4) Store power cables and batteries away from equipment 5) Warning label indicating ionizing radiation in progress&&b) Subjects are reminded to avoid unnecessary movement when lying on the table c) Straps are tightened and secure before carrying out any functions/application (operating Traction Unit)&&a) Conduct visual check by user prior use b) User is required to adhere strictly to Lab Rules / Standard Operating procedure c) Ensure user is trained and authorised to operate equipment d) Report any defective equipment to staff immediately to have it removed for repair e) No unauthorized repair should be carry out by user Keep hands dry before touching electrical equipment&&a) Multi-plugs are not allowed to be used on power source cord to prevent overloading&&a) Abide to lab rules – No food and drink is allowed in the lab. Conduct visual check by user prior use&&a) Staff and students reminded to follow safe and manufacturer recommendation when operating equipment b) Ensure subject’s limbs are kept within the area of the table at all time&&a) Staff and students are reminded to follow safe and manufacturer recommendation when operating the unit b) Operator to identify the gripping point, hold the lever firmly, before tilting the backrest c) Ensure subject’s limbs are kept within the area of the table at all time.&&a) Transfer by one hand holding the bottom and the other hand hold the top b) Right posture to be followed during handling turning and bending of the back should be avoided). c) Transfer using trolley for multiple bottles&&a) SIT staff including PO, TO and researchers must wear PPEs including nitrile gloves and cut resistant gloves, safety goggles, lab coat with long pants and covered shoes b) Wear sharp resistant gloves when handling broken glasses on the floor c) Clean the glass pieces to ensure no chemical residuals inside the broken glasses d) Clean the glass pieces use broom and brush, dispose to sharps bin&&a) Personnel must read the chemical SDS to understand proper handling before use. b) Personnel must put on proper PPE such as lab coat, nitrile gloves and safety glasses at all times. c) Put the chemical bottle inside a secondary tray&&a) Transfer by one hand holding the bottom and the other hand hold the top b) Right posture to be followed during handling (Twisting, turning and bending of the back should be avoided). c) Transfer using trolley for multiple bottles&&a) Personnel must read the chemical SDS to understand proper handling before use. b) Personnel must put on proper PPE such as lab coat, nitrile gloves and safety glasses at all times. c) Preparation must be done inside fumehood d) Put the chemical bottle inside a secondary tray&&a) SIT staff including PO, TO and researchers must wear PPEs including nitrile gloves and cut resistant gloves, safety goggles, lab coat with long pants and covered shoes b) Clean the glass pieces to ensure no chemical residuals inside the broken glasses c) Clean the glass pieces use broom and brush, dispose to sharps bin&&a) Aliquot inside the fumehood b) Put back the glass lid before taking it outside of fumehood.&&a) Personnel to check compatibility, flash point of the solvents from SDS as well as the surroundings of the chemical bottles to eliminate any ignition sources before mixing b) Always open the organic solvents inside fumehood c) Fire extinguisher is regularly checked inside the lab d) Do not use water to put out fire from organic solvent&&a) Personnel to check compatibility, flash point of the solvents from SDS as well as the surroundings of the chemical bottles to eliminateany ignition sources before mixing b) Always open the organic solvents inside fumehood in a secondary tray c) Keep container tightly closed after usage. d) Fire extinguisher is regularly checked inside the lab e) In case of fire: Use dry sand, dry chemical or alcohol- resistant foam to extinguish&&a) Always handle the solvent inside the fumehood, with sash below shoulder level b) Carefully aliquot organic solvents in secondary container with absorbance pad c) If any spillage of solvents onto gloves, change gloves immediately. d) If there is any spillage of solvent onto skin, wash the affected area under tap water for 15 mins; For large quantity of spillage onto body, use emergency shower in the lab e) If there is any splash of solvents goes to eyes, remove safety goggles and flush eyes with eyes open under emergency eye wash immediately f) Change contaminated clothing, wash hands after working with the solvent.&&Precautions for safe handling and storage: a) Ensure there are no white crystals forming on the outside of the bottle b) Work in an area with adequate ventilation. c) Keep it away from sources of ignition including shock, friction, open flames, prevent electric static build-up with a grounding cable. d) Label date received and date opened on the bottle of diethyl ether, prior to working with the solvent. e) If there are any white crystals around the cap of the bottle, do not attempt to move the bottle and contact lab staff immediately. f) Keep the chemical in a tightly sealed container in dry and well-ventilated area. g) Containers of diethyl ether should be protected from physical damage, direct sunlight, and ignition sources. It should be stored separately from strong oxidizing agents, strong acids, halogens, interhalogens, sulfur and sulfur compounds. h) Dispose remaining diethyl ether solvent within 6 months the date opened, or one year after purchase&&a) Students must wear PPEs including nitrile gloves and cut resistant gloves, safety goggles, lab coat with long pants and covered shoes b) Clean the glass pieces to ensure no chemical residuals inside the broken glasses c) Clean the glass pieces use broom and brush, dispose to sharps bin&&a) Personnel to check compatibility, flash point of the solvents from SDS as well as the surroundings of the chemical bottles to eliminate any ignition sources before mixing b) Always open the organic solvents inside fumehood c) Fire extinguisher is regularly checked inside the lab d) In case of fire: Use dry sand, dry chemical or alcohol- resistant foam to extinguish&&a) Always open the chemical bottle inside the fumehood, with sash below shoulder level b) Use pipette to withdraw small quantity of solvents c) Carefully aliquot organic solvents in secondary container with absorbance pad d) If any spillage of solvents onto gloves, change gloves immediately. e) If there is any spillage of solvent onto skin, wash the affected area under tap water for 15 mins; For large quantity of spillage onto body, use emergency shower in the lab f) If there is any splash of solvents goes to eyes, remove safety goggles and flush eyes with eyes open under emergency eye wash immediately, remove contact lens g) Change contaminated clothing, wash hands after working with the solvent.&&a) Personnel must read the chemical SDS to understand proper handling before use. b) Personnel must put on proper PPE such as lab coat, nitrile gloves and safety glasses at all times. c) Preparation must be done inside fumehood d) Put the chemical bottle inside a secondary tray e) Dispose the chemicals to an individual chemical bottle for irritant aqueous chemical waste&&a) Personnel must not mix any strong oxidisers, strong acid or alkaline solutions with the organic solvents b) Keep the organic solvent away from any heating sources, including heating mantle, hotplate and direct sunlight c) Place the waste bottle in a secondary container free from any of the above mentioned incompatible chemicals in fumehood d) Transfer the waste bottle of diethyl ether to air-conditioned waste room inside flammable cabinet e) Arrange for waste collection within 1 month to dispose the waste carboys containing diethyl ether.&&a) Students must wear PPEs including nitrile gloves and cut resistant gloves, safety goggles, lab coat with long pants and covered shoes b) Do not lift the glass bottle or beaker high above the sink during washing c) Do not place washed glassware near the edge of sink d) Clean the glass pieces use broom and brush, dispose to sharps bin&&a) Power supply unit has the following safety features: - No load detection - Sudden load change detection - Ground leak detection - Overload/ short circuit protection - Overvoltage detection b) Gel tanks have safety interlock mechanism that cuts off electrical current when lid assembly is removed c) Gel tanks are designed to provide leak- free electrophoresis environment d) Gel tanks, electrical cables, banana jacks and plugs must be checked for any visual damage or loose connection before use e) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, protective shoes&&a) Ensure that voltage and run times are within equipment specifications b) Ensure buffer volume is sufficient and according to gel tank specifications&&a) Clean up any spills immediately before continuing with experiments b) Spill kits are available in case of any spillage c) Personal must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, protective shoes d) Place electrophoresis tanks in secondary containment trays in case of overflow/spillage&&a) Use non-toxic gel staining dyes like BioRad UView. b) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, covered shoes, protective gloves&&a) Wear thermal protective gloves when handling hot glass bottles b) Wait until agar has stopped boiling before removing from microwave oven c) Personnel to be present to monitor the dissolution process to prevent overboiling and drying out of buffer in bottle d) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, covered shoes, protective gloves&&a) Make sure volume of TAE buffer used to dissolve agarose is half that of the volume of the glass bottle used to prevent overflow when boiling b) Make sure glass bottle is loosely capped to prevent overflow when boiling c) Clean up spills with paper towel only after the agarose has cooled sufficiently while still wearing thermal gloves&&a) Make sure glass bottle cap is loosened before starting microwave oven to allow for release of built up pressure b) Personnel to always be present to monitor the dissolution process c) Door to microwave has to be closed before heating can be started.&&a) Wear thermal protective gloves when handling hot glass bottles containing molten agar b) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, covered shoes, protective gloves&&a) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, covered shoes, protective gloves b) Polyacrylamide pre-cast gel is ready to be used and within a protective plastic casing to prevent contact with acrylamide c) Personnel must read and understand the relevant SDS and protocols before starting&&a) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, covered shoes, protective gloves b) Personnel must read and understand the relevant SDS and protocols before starting&&a) Ensure that loaded pipette is not pointing towards self or other personnel b) Ensure pipette tips are disposed of in proper biohazard waste containers&&a) Exercise self-awareness and take frequent breaks in between during long durations of pipetting b) Equipment is to be designed to be lightweight and ergonomic for ease of use c) Practice proper handling.&&a) Practice good pipetting skills to prevent spillage or generation of aerosols b) Ensure pipette is appropriate for intended pipetting volume&&a) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, covered shoes, protective gloves b) Personnel must read and understand the relevant SDS and protocols before starting c) Cap sample tubes tightly during heating to prevent volatiles from being released into the air&&a) Cap sample tubes tightly during heating to prevent liquid samples from boiling over when heated b) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, covered shoes, protective gloves c) Do not touch hot plate when placing sample tubes into heating block d) Upon remove of sample tubes after heating, use gloves to hold the top part of the tubes to prevent contact with the heated bottom e) Signage to be placed on heat block to warn others of high temperature&&a) Personnel should closely monitor current and voltage displayed on power pack during the run to ensure values lie within the equipment specifications b) Personnel are to read the laboratory manual and use the recommended voltage stated c) Gel electrophoresis must not be run overnight or longer than specified in manual at high voltage d) Powerpac must be switched off after use e) Signage to be placed on heat block to warn others of high temperature f) Sufficient buffer is to be added such that it covers the whole gel to prevent gel tank from running dry&&a) Personnel to turn off power before removing cover of gel tank and removing gel b) Ensure hands are dry before touching powerpac&&a) Clean up spills immediately with a paper towel b) Spill kit available in the vicinity c) Place gel tank within a secondary containment to prevent spills on benchtop or floor&&a) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, covered shoes, protective gloves b) Personnel must read and understand the relevant SDS and protocols before starting c) Pour slowly and carefully into container with polyacrylamide gel which is placed in another secondary container&&d) Clean up spills immediately with a paper towel e) Spill kit available in the vicinity f) Pour slowly and carefully into container with polyacrylamide gel which is placed in another secondary container&&a) After transfer is done, use a tweezer to remove gel and filter papers instead of using gloved hands b) After removing gel and filter papers, place in a container to cool before discarding into the biohazard bin&&a) Check dry transfer machine (iblot) for any defects like frayed or exposed wires b) If any defects detected, do not turn on equipment but contact vendor for repair c) Personnel not to conduct any unauthorized repair d) Plug in and turn on iBlot with dry hands&&a) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, covered shoes, protective gloves b) Personnel must read and understand the relevant SDS and protocols before starting c) Nitrile gloves are to be worn when handling methanol in transfer buffer d) Handling of methanol during preparation of transfer buffer should be carried out in the fume hood.&&a) Place transfer tank in a tray to catch any spillages b) Pour transfer buffer slowly and carefully into the transfer tank c) Wipe up any spills immediately d) Spill kits are available within the vicinity&&a) Power supply unit has the following safety features: - No load detection - Sudden load change detection - Ground leak detection - Overload/ short circuit protection - Overvoltage detection b) Personnel must don PPE at all times – lab coat, goggles, long pants, protective shoes&&a) Switch off orbital shaker before removing container with membrane to change out buffer b) Keep hands away from moving rotor&&a) “Sharp Element” sticker paste on the tools box to alert users to be aware at the sharp edge of the tools.&&a) Keeping away VT apparatus / specimens from the edge of the table. b) Compulsory to wear covered shoes at all time in laboratory.&&a) Use of safety eyewear designed to filter out specific frequencies characterise of a UV rays. b) Check for condition of the UV radiation protection safety eyewear prior usage, to ensure no crack. c) Check for condition of the UV Lamp and UV filter, to ensure no crack or any leakage of UV radiation.&&a) Ensure that the workspace is well ventilated, exhaust should be ON whenever aerosol cans are used. b) Necessary PPE to be worn at all time when performing aerosol cans, such as. N95 mask, protective gloves, lab coat, covered shoes and safety eye wear. c) Spray away from body towards inspection surface. d) No consume of food are allow in the laboratory. e) All personnel performing the aerosol cans process shall understand SDS and be able to allocate it when needed. f) Eye wash station is available for emergency use. g) Wash hands after inspection procedure.&&a) Ensure no protruding wires/object around the booth. b) Post reflective hazard stickers to alert users to be aware at the edge of the booth. c) Avoid movement where possible or more cautiously if needed. d) Remove all sharp edges.&&a) Place wet floor warning signage to alert users to be aware. b) To clean up any spillage immediately.&&a) Keep wet hands away from electrical switch. b) Wipe dry the hands before touching on the electrical switch. c) User is required to adhere strictly to Lab SOP.&&a) Ensure proper complete contact in between copper pads by visually and physically confirm that contact is complete by pulling on the conductor. b) To ensure no flammable or combustible material nearby. c) Fire protection system in placed.&&a) Use of safety eye wear designed to filter out specific frequencies characterize of a UV rays. b) Check the condition of the UV radiation protection safety eye wear prior usage, to ensure no crack. c) Check for condition of the UV lamp and UV filter, to ensure no crack or any leakage of UV radiation.&&a) Ensure that the Workspace is well ventilated, exhaust should be ON whenever aerosol cans is use. b) Necessary PPE to be worn at all time when performing aerosol cans such as N95 mask, protective gloves, lab coat, covered shoes and safety eye wear. c) Spray away from body towards inspection surface. d) No consume of food are allow in the laboratory. h) All personnel performing the aerosol cans process shall understand SDS and be able to allocate it when needed. e) Eye wash station is available for emergency use. f) Wash hands after inspection procedure.&&a) To check and ensure proper hose connection prior operations. b) Place warning signage to alert users to be aware and clean up spillage immediately. c) Availability of spill kit d) Secondary containment in-place for oil drum.&&a) Students with active implanted cardiac devices are not recommended to use the equipment, to check with students prior the lab session. b) Safety alert conducted during the safety brief. c) Warning signage at the machine.&&a) Keep oily hands away from electrical switch. b) User is required to adhere strictly to Lab SOP.&&a) Use of safety eye protection. b) Eye wash stations is available for emergency use. c) Wash hands after inspection procedure. d) Do not consume any food or drinks during the course of inspection. i) All personnel shall understand SDS and be able to allocate it when needed.&&a) Keep wet hands away from electrical switch. b) User is required to adhere strictly to Lab SOP.&&a) Keeping way UT apparatus / specimens from the edge of the table. b) Compulsory to wear covered shoes at all times in laboratory.&&a) Only competent and licensed personnel (L5 or R1) allowed to use equipment. b) Ionizing apparatus to be placed in lead protected containment (Lead Bunker). c) Thermoluminescent Dosimeter (TLD) must be wear during radiation works at all time. d) All radiation workers are subjected to mandatory medical examination. e) Radiation worker to read all SOPs before operating the equipment. f) To check for radiation leakage using a Geiger Mueller meter prior operations. g) Warning signage to indicate the radiation hazard associated with radiography outside the lab to alert by passer. h) All test and measurement equipment require mandatory calibration to maintain reliability. i) Geiger Mueller meter should be on at all time during operation. j) Radiography bunker and switch should be lock at all time.&&b) Place anti-slip mat around the working zone. c) To clean up any spillage immediately.&&b) Use of safety eye protection. c) Eye wash stations is available for emergency use. d) Wash hands after inspection procedure. e) Do not consume any food or drinks during the course of inspection. j) All personnel shall understand SDS and be able to allocate it when needed.&&a) Only trained personnel allowed to use equipment. b) Avoid directing thermal energy source directly at eyes or skin. c) Warning of Hot Surface signage at the lamp. d) Use of safety eye wear. e) Pull down the blind curtain to avoid directly thermal energy source direct / indirect at the eyes (Black-out the see-through glass at the entrance).&&a) Only trained personnel allowed to use equipment. b) Use of safety eye wear. c) Eye wash stations is available for emergency use. d) Warning callout will be announced before activating flash generators. e) Pull down the blind curtain to avoid directly / indirect at the eyes (Black-out the see-throught glass at the entrance). f) Only authorized entry to the lab. g) Place a warning signage “Testing in progress. Do not enter the lab.” outside the lab to prevent anyone from entering the lab.&&a) Only trained personnel with (N3) license is allowed to use equipment. b) Use of safety eye wear designed to filter out specific wavelength of the laser source (Class 4) c) Pull down the blind curtain to avoid directly / indirect at the eyes (Black-out the see- throught glass at the entrance). d) Only authorized persons are allowed entry to the lab.&&a) Follow proper setup procedure. b) Ensure the tripod is placed on level floor to prevent toppling.&&a) Shifting is performed by 2 personnel. b) Ensure proper posture.&&a) Tape down any long running wires on the floor during testing. b) Ensure good housekeeping to avoid placing any loose item on the floor.&&a)PO to check on the class schedule and ensure that no incompatible work being carried out. E.g. when there is lab session involving the use of FPI booth, the Thermography equipment shall not be used.&&a) Place wet floor warning signage to alert users to be aware and clean any spillage immediately. b) To clean up any spillage immediately.&&a) No tip toeing when placing the specimen into the immersion tank. b) Three point of contact at all time.&&a) Keep hands away from the automation moving arm. b) No resting of hands on the tank when apparatus in operations.&&a) Keeping away TOFD apparatus / specimens from the edge of the table. b) Compulsory to wear cover shoes at all times in laboratory.&&a) Keep wet hands away from electrical switch.&&a) Keeping away AE apparatus / specimens from the edge of the table. b) Compulsory to wear cover shoes at all times in laboratory.&&Administrative Control a) Ensure that the aluminum bracket is properly fastened, and overall structure is stable. b) No sign of loose/damage fastener. c) Instructor/PO shall check fasteners, all joints and bracket with proper tools (Allen’s key) prior to uses d) Uses an ink marker to draw a straight line which corresponding between the structure/bracket and fastener. It allows instructor/user to have a quick look if the fastener have signs of movement while setting up.&&Administrative Control a) Visual check of the bungee cord prior to uses b) Defects bungee cord should be reported to staff immediately. c) Bungee cord to be replaced when needed.&&Administrative Control a) Instructor/users to ensure that the bungee cord is within the designated placement of the aeroplane model. b) Ensure that the aeroplane model is well-balanced within 2 sets of the bungee cord secured via a circular hook mounted on the aluminum structure.&&Administrative Control a) Visual check for defect/exposed wire of the equipment surrounding by user prior use. b) User need to be trained and demonstrate competence before authorized to operate the equipment. c) Defective equipment should be reported to staff immediately to have it removed for repair. d) No unauthorized repair should be carried out by user. e) Do not touch the machine / power point with wet hands.&&Administrative Control a) To abide by the lab rules - no food and drinks is allowed in the lab. b) Visual checks of the wires/cables from the power plug to the circuit’s breaker by the instructor.&&Administrative Control a) Ensure that the rubber nozzle is properly secure to the impact hammer. b) One user in the group will be operating the impact hammer per time. Other group members are not allowed to stand too close to the aeroplane model and impact hammer to avoid flying debris.&&Administrative Control a) Ensure adequate lighting in lab. b) Take regular breaks of 5 – 10 minutes every 50 – 60 minutes. c) Ensure body posture is not fixed in a particular position for too long period of time and do not perform similar work during rest or break&&Administrative Control a) Instructor to perform visual check on the wires/cable after every use of the equipment. b) Defective equipment should be reported and to have it removed for repair. c) No unauthorized repair should be carried out by user. d) Do not touch the machine / power point with wet hands&&Administrative Control a) Abide to lab rules - no food and drinks are allowed. b) Ensure adequate lighting in lab. c) Ensure good housekeeping: i. No trailing cables on the floor i. No storage of equipment or boxes on the lab floor. ii. Take immediate action to clean spillage. d) Keep all equipment and accessories on the bag and instrument box, all aluminium structure to be stored at designed shelves after uses.&&a) User to ensure power source to equipment is switched “OFF” during setup b) User to place the unit at safe distance from accidental contact and ensure not other combustible materials are place near to the unit&&a) User to return the soldering iron to its stand when not in used. Never place the device directly onto the workbench b) Put on safety goggles during soldering c) Hot surface warning signage is provided to remind the users d) User to check that the component surface is not wet. If wet surface presents with molten solder, it may cause splattering. e) Do not wear gloves, necktie, jewellery, or loose clothing, while performing the soldering f) Remove excess solder from the tip using moist sponge/steel wool provided&&a) Hold the solder tool like a pen and only on the handle as the heated soldering tip is up to 400°C (refer to soldering iron datasheet for the correct set temperature) b) Never touch the element of the soldering iron or any metal surface during operation c) Use tweezers to handle small components or short wires d) Use Helping hand clips if need to have magnification glass to apply solder or desolder. e) Adhere to the “Dos” and “Don’ts” rules on the posters put up at the soldering stations f) Switch “OFF” the soldering station, hot air tube, heating gun and de-soldering equipment immediately after uses&&a) Lab in-charge to review and ensure the compatibility of multiple activities in the lab. b) Keep incompatible materials away from soldering station before soldering starts&&a) Conduct a visual check by the user on the condition of the electrical components before use prior use b) User is required to adhere strictly to Lab Rules c) Training and briefing will be conduct to all user prior to operating of the equipment. d) Report any defective equipment to staff immediately to have it removed for repair e) Repair works can only be carried out by authorised staff f) Keep hands dry before touching electrical equipment&&a) Ensure good housekeeping at the work bench at all time b) Do not use multi-plugs on power source cord to prevent overloading c) Daisy chaining is not allowed&&a) Abide by lab rules – No food and drink are allowed in the lab. (plain water bottled with cap is allowed) b) Use electrical socket/ electrical extension sockets that bears “Singapore Safety Mark”.&&a) Use only non-leaded solder b) Switch “ON” the fume extractor unit during soldering. c) LIC to replace the main filter from fume extractor unit as per manufacturing manual or light indicator on fume extractor units d) Users to ensure that the fumes are extracted by the fume extractor prior start soldering, de-soldering through observation&&a) User to avoid direct skin contact with the solder flux (MSD to be printed and accessible within workbench) b) Immediately close the top cover if not in uses. Keep in cool, well-ventilated place.&&a) Take regular breaks (etc. 15 minutes soldering with 5- minute breaks). b) Ensure body posture is changed and do some stretching exercise during the rest break. c) Conduct work under adequate lighting and magnification with lights to see the exact position of the soldering tip.&&a) Standard hygiene procedure to be observed. b) Wash hands and arms with soap after soldering&&a) Perform operation inside the fume hood. b) Wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE c) Clean up any spillage immediately by using chemical spill kit provided in the lab. d) Refer to Safety data sheet for safety and health information.&&a) Perform operation inside the fume hood. b) Wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE c) Clean up any spillage immediately by using chemical spill kit provided in the lab.&&a) Perform operation inside the fume hood. b) Wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE c) Place the solvent bottle inside a secondary tray d) Place solvent away from ignition source / heating appliance. e) Spill kit and fire extinguisher is available in vicinity. f) Clean up any spillage immediately by using chemical spill kit provided in the lab.&&a) Ensure that the column is secured properly with clamps and retorts that is in good condition prior to usage b) Check the integrity of all glassware including column is in good condition before use. c) Broken glass and shards shall be sweep up using dustpan and broom and disposed inside a glass disposal waste bin.&&a) Ensure handling of column by students are supervised closely by PO/TO during entire process. b) Ensure users wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE. c) Clean up any spillage immediately. Use chemical spill kit available. d) Refer to safety data sheet for information on safety and health&&a) Ensure handling of column are supervised closely during entire process. b) Ensure user wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE. c) Clean up any spillage into immediately. Use chemical spill kit available. d) Refer to safety data sheet for information on safety and health.&&a) Perform operation inside the fume hood. b) Ensure user wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE. c) Clean up any spillage into immediately. Use chemical spill kit available. d) Refer to safety data sheet for information on safety and health.&&a) Perform operation under close guidance and supervision. b) Ensure users wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE.&&a) Perform operation inside the fume hood. b) Perform operation under close guidance and supervision c) Ensure users wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE.&&a) Perform operation under close guidance and supervision (on the Lab bench) b) The beakers with solvent are always closed by glass lid when experiment is performed on lab bench. c) Ensure users wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE.&&d) Perform operation under close guidance and supervision (on the Lab bench) e) Ensure users wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE.&&a) Ensure users adhere strictly to Lab Rules/Safe Operations Procedure’s b) Visual check on the entire Hot plate equipment along accessories like wires, sockets, connections to be conducted by user prior use for any possible damages. c) Do not forget to switch off the equipment after every usage&&a) Ensure users adhere strictly to Lab Rules/Safe Operations Procedure’s b) Visual check on the entire Rotary Evaporator equipment along accessories like wires, sockets, connections to be conducted by user prior use for any possible damages. c) Do not switch on the main power during setup stage of the rotary evaporator. d) Ensure all connecting hose are without any damages and wellconnected&&a) Perform operation under close guidance and supervision b) Ensure users wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE always c) Dispose into punctureresistant sharp disposal bin&&a) Ensure users wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE always. b) Ensure, Solid wastes dispose into a zip lock bag and seal it. Dispose the whole zip lock bag into the hazardous waste bag c) Check the hazardous bin is not overfilled and the bin lid is always closed d) Seal hazardous waste bags before transporting them to waste room&&a) Ensure users wear PPE such as goggles, lab coat and nitrile gloves as mandatory PPE always. b) Ensure waste container is properly labelled with product identifier and associated GHS pictograms before usage. c) Ensure the waste bottle used is compatible with the organics d) The solvent waste should be placed in a well-ventilated area inside the fume hood. e) Extremely flammable liquid and vapour: Flash point < 23°C and initial boiling point ? 35°C f) Highly flammable liquid and vapour: Flash point < 23°C and initial boiling point > 35°C g) Keep the liquid waste away from heat, direct sunlight, hot surfaces, sparks, smoke, open flames and other ignition sources and incompatible materials (e.g. oxidizer). h) Ensure the fire extinguisher is available for use inside lab and waste room with location identified. i) Apply colour code for different types of waste (refer to poster in lab and waste room). j) Waste container should only be filled up to 75% mark, and 75% mark on the waste carboy should be labelled clearly. k) Ensure chemical wastes stored are compatible with one another. Refer to safety data sheet for more information.&&a) Personnel required to read and understand the chemical SDS prior usage. b) Wear proper PPE such as lab coat, covered shoes, protective gloves and safety glasses at all times&&a) Check that the glassware is in good condition before use. b) Handle sharps with care. c) Place the glassware away from the edge of table. d) Dispose away any broken sharps into the designated sharp bins. e) Cut resistant gloves are provided to handle big broken glass pieces.&&a) Visual check to be conducted by user prior use. b) User is required to adhere strictly to Lab Rules/SOPs. c) Do not touch the equipment power point or exposed wire with wet hands. c) Defective equipment should be reported to staff immediately and repair work can only be conducted by authorized personnel.&&Engineering controls: a) Store in a segregated and approved area. Store away from direct sunlight in a dry, cool and well-ventilated area, away from incompatible materials. b) Cylinders should be stored upright, with valve protection cap in place, and firmly secured to prevent falling or being knocked over. Administrative controls: c) Regular check the condition of cylinder valve and regulator by authorized personnel. Replace faulty valve only by trained personnel. d) Check for gas leak using soapy water after installation of cylinder valve prior to use. e) Gas cylinder replacement to be performed by trained personnel only. PPE: f) User must wear full PPE including safety goggles, lab coat and gloves when using the gas cylinder. g) User should wear covered toe shoes when using the gas cylinder.&&a) Visual check to be conducted by user prior use. b) User is required to adhere strictly to Lab Rules/SOPs. c) Do not touch the equipment power point or exposed wires with wet hands. c) Defective equipment should be reported to staff immediately and repair work can only be conducted by authorized personnel.&&a)Wear nitrile gloves when disposing chemical solutions.&&a) Broken Glass"" waste bin is provided for broken glass disposal. b) Cut resistant gloves are provided to handle big broken glass pieces""&&a) Users are required to go through chemical handling training materials as part of their safety training before working in the laboratory. b) Users are required to wear nitrile gloves and appropriate PPE (lab coat, safety glasses, covered shoes, etc) at all time during the experiment. c) To wear neoprene gloves above double-layer nitrile gloves while handling corrosive chemicals amount of spillage and possible contact. d) Concentrated acids are aliquoted from larger bottles that are transported by TOs on tray on trolley. e) All dilution and retrieval of concentrated acid are performed in the fume hood.&&a) Hello
Bye
Hehe&&fawefewa